December 18, 2012

	I have still been exhausted from this semester and exams to do any work that is considered to have substance and to be sufficient.

	I have been reading the book, but I am not sure how to go about creating a structure for this project. I have guidelines and rules, but nothing seems to be able to stick.

	I wonder if I should change my goals.

	I think I will alter them slightly - instead of purely focusing on gaining more knowledge and practicing basics, I think I will also use this project to help me to gain better study skills. To become more proficient, diligent, disciplined, and energized for them.

	When I was in high school, I would always start with the easiest homework first and then build my way onto harder and harder subjects. This would allow me to get most of my homework done as well as give me the momentum of energy I needed to stick to my studies.

	Perhaps I should do that as well.

	But another thing I want to focus on, is having fun. Having a real life again. In high school, I felt like I hardly ever studied. I mean, don't get me wrong, I definitley did study. But it never seemed like I had to do much of it. I had a good time in high school because I made sure to always do what I wanted to do and enjoyed.

	But since coming to University, I have become so obsessed with doing well, that I have been letting go of myself in all aspects of life one by one. I have grown tired and weary - as well as overweight. I always feel guilty when having fun because I am convinced I am nothing but a slacker...

	Yet all the kids who do well/the best in school are always the kids who are having a good time. Who are living life.

	To put it simply, I will use a quote from the movie, Under the Tuscan Sun:	
	"You know how sometimes...you come across those empty shell people in your life...and you think "What the fuck happened to you?". Well, there came a time in each of those people's lives, where they had to choose to go either left or right. This is no time to be a chicken-shit Francis!"

	Since this is break, I ask that you will excuse me if I don't always post some code or do some work everyday - I just want to enjoy the day and spend time with my family and friends. I am not going to be a chicken-shit, I am going to go and refind Maria Deslis, one day at a time.

	More news tomorrow. :)

	-Maria
