March 23 2013

	Hello again. 

	I have wonderful knews, one of my teachers came across my project and has offered to turn my project into an Independent Study.

	This project has remained on the back of my mind all semester so far. But I wanted to focus on some other things before I started sharing my current progress with this project.

	My life has changed drastically, and for the better.
	
	I have started to take care of myself again. I have been making sure I get plenty of sleep, that I spend time outside of academics relaxing and having fun, and I have been keeping my health up. I have also started to try and lose weight again, so far 5 pounds!

	But the biggest thing I have nocticed in the changes I have, is that I stopped trying to reach other people's expectations when it came to my academics.

	This is my degreee. This is my life. This my love. I have nothing to show to other people. It's fine that I may be not as great as my peers, but I know that once I get it, I will be running with them instead of just at their heels.

	I have started to enjoy and loving learning again. Doing homework and taking tests is no longer about 
	"Don't mess up" 
	"You gotta get this right" 
	and "You're an idiot! I can't believe I did that!"

	It's now about
	"Wow! This is awesome! How would I explain this to someone who was interested?"
	"I CAN DO THIS! I am getting better everyday!"
	"It's okay, you are only human. You'll get 'em next time."

	These things may seem trivial to others, but this is a battle I have been fighting for a long time, and I am starting to win a little. I can't give too many details about this long battle, as I am not sure if it would be "too" personal. But I'm sure with the time, more and more of myself will show up.

	Of course, just because things are getting better does not mean I am gonna sit back and relax. I still have a long way to go.

	Tomorrow I will right a short refecltion of all the things I have learned so far this semester. A summation of my current progress and goals.
