March 26, 2013

	Hello you gorgeous popsicles! 
	
	Sorry that I didn't update the blog yesterday. I had a study group and I got distracted with Algorithms homework. 

	But I wanted to make sure that even if I am not totally great at it now, that with practice, I will definitely get better. So it may be a day late,
	but here are my current reflections of the semester since doing this independent study:

	1. It may seem silly, but I actually learned how to properly hand-trace the past few months. And it has made some of the biggest differences in my code and how I think about things. Rather than just jump into the project and try different things to see what will happen, or jumping to conclusions about what I want to do, the first thing I do when I am assigned a program/code/project now is to STEP AWAY FROM THE COMPUTER. That's right, you heard me. Because, you see, I don't just want to do well on the assignment, I want to understand what is happening. I want to be able to turn to someone and explain to them what my program does. I want to know it in my bones. Here is the general process I know follow when I am coding:
		i. I break down the problem into what my current constraints are, so I know as to what I can and cannot do
		ii. I break down the big picture into small pieces and focus on getting one piece working at a time
		iii. When I am working on the small piece, I step away from the computer and take a paper and pencil or a whiteboard and marker and begin to hand trace 			what I want the code to do - making sure that I am still following step i.
		iv. After I am certain I have gotten the small piece to work well as a hand trace, I code it out and check to see if it works.
		v. If it does, then I repeat steps i-iv until I have completed the entire code.
	With this process, I have not only been able to understand how a computer thinks much better, but I also have a lot more confidence when approaching problems. On top of that, I have found that I am actually able to get my work done faster, leaving me more time to refactor and clean up. 
Although I still have issues getting what I have in my head to convert to code, I am no longer constantly stuck and I have a starting point.

	2. I have been able to take all the small subtelties I have learned so far (more on that another post) and apply to them to my other classes, including hand tracing. Because of this, my teachers have commented that they see improvement in my code as well as impressed with my progress. I have also been able to help my friends with some homework now and then, and I am no longer the one constantly begging for help. I have also been able to finish earlier as well (as stated above, but not only does this give me time to refactor my code - but it gives me a chance to work on it with my teacher and they can let me know if I am on the right path or not, as well as give me a few tips)

	3. I have begun to gain a deeper understanding on the vocabulary of CS. Now I totally understand the difference between a Lexer (checks to see if something is a valid word) and a Parser (reads a sentence and determines if it is valid) and so much more. Although there is still room for improvement. The other day my professor called on me in class spontaneously, and yes I was paying attention, but I was so thrown off because he had never called on me like that before that I gave the completely wrong answer and felt totally embarassed. But he didn't seem mad (I think he could tell I got mixed up) and simply continued to lecture as if it were no big deal. I told myself that I should treat it the same way and I will just do a short review to sharpen my skills to make sure that doesn't happen again. (I had mixed up what an operator and logic symbols were, so instead of saying splat for an operator I said less than! =_= )

	4. I have noticed that my confidence in my abilities have gone farther up - but again, I know I still have a long way to go. For example, when I am stuck or feel like I don't know it and I can't find any hints with research, I end up brooding over it. In the end this just wastes time and gets me nowhere. 

	So those are the current reflections for now. 

	As more become obvious to me, I will write them down and share them with you. 

	Also, I plan to practice some RUBY basics and put them in startingNull as well. Don't get too distracted by it though! It won't be anything fancy, just learningsomething new. 
